What is HTTP?
    Hyper Text Protocol. The protocol used to access documents over the web.

What is a URL?
    A unique resource to an address over HTTP 

What is DNS?
    Domain Name Space. This converts domain names, like google.com, to their associated IP address. 

What is a query string?
    A query string refers to arguments passed in the URL. They trail the necessary portion of the URL and are set off 
    with ?. They allow us to pass values to the endpoints on the other end. 

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
    GET and POST. GET does not alter the resource, simply retreives it. POST is generally used for creating a new item.  
    Unlike GET, it modifies the resources handled by the backend. 

What is an HTTP request?
    An HTTP request is a request to an for some response to a particular endpoint. It is called an HTTP request because
    HTTP is the protocol that defines the rules for how this request and response is to be handled. This usually means
    requesting HTML or JSON. 

What is an HTTP response?
    An HTTP response is the response from some endpoint to some HTTP request it received. It sends what was requested to the 
    same IP that sent the request.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
    HTTP headers contain additional information about an HTTP request. 
    A couple of examples would be the Accept header for content negotiation and the Accept-Language header for 
    requesting a the response in a particular language.
    
What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
    1. The browser retreives the IP address for the domain name, reaching out to the DNS if necessary. 
    2. The router takes sends the request to the correct IP address. 
    3. The server receiving the request parses the /some/page.html information and retreives the cooresponding 
       resource. 
    4. The server sends the response to the requesting IP along the router. 
    5. The browser receives the response and renders the information accordingly.